I don't know why you're so cranky so why
is that it's 2 1
you have to met the senator one last
what friendly merciful now you're
bragging about running friendly matches
I'm doing a setting of taps
[Applause]
this is this song big artist yup yes
oh yeah is a sleaze a crumb hunter that
first recto and unless till you control
the whole world
you got you guys heard about it stills
you know what CBS was sponsoring this
video
nested oh yeah dead nice story of my
life
I hope I get top there's something to
this
Moody's oh that's my place the highest
power
No why doesn't this serious died she's
that game walks on dragons why is
everyone all of a sudden everything come
on come on
seven seven facts about and on ingenuity
one oh come on
why doesn't the fish die what with this
charity
I guess what he died see I said over
[Music]
you know like I try to go night swimming
and master eating today
[Music]
abusive language honorific for a visit
site you're a bad kid should've made
that sound like a only must end of the
see it at atmosphere
oh you're nice why doesn't this bitch
die oh yeah
I won't don't play nice
oh yeah just look at him yeah I
literally CCC is this is this is this is
this is basically a mismatch man
mismatch that that confrontation didn't
even last for for two to three seconds
there yeah yeah look at that look at
that
Norrish yeah
don't want them to get fuse um yeah it
is going to try and do an offensive you
I'm not gonna get you stuff in a bitch
[Music]